Add agentic-inference umbrella well-lit path (#1743)
llm-d/llm-d: guides/agentic-inference/README.md

# Agentic Inference

The **agentic-inference well-lit path** is a horizontal, workload-centric umbrella that serves
agentic *programs* on llm-d by composing the capability paths into a stack and exposing a ladder
of deployment options that trade complexity for capability. For the workload model, canonical
shapes, and the direction this path is driving toward, see the
[Agentic Inference well-lit path](../../docs/well-lit-paths/agentic-inference.md); this guide is
the operational counterpart, and the canonical guide of the llm-d Agentic Inference SIG.

> The reference workload here is **long-horizon loops** (agentic code generation): deep multi-turn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reference workload this guide optimizes for is **long-horizon loops** (agentic code generation): deep multi-turn
```
